

Which characteristics of cloud computing is more attractive to end user?
On-demand self-service.
Broad network access.
Resource pooling.
Rapid elasticity.
Measured Service.

Which of following is cloud computing service supporting hardware visualization

Select variant which locates element by value of their id attribute in web driver selenium

Which of following is not applicable while using spiral model

What can you deploy on kubernetes

Which of following activity is not fundamental entity to software engineering

Which git command allows you to set git user name

Which of following is not true about Software development life cycle

What is correct commit syntax for all messages with changes

Which of following can be considered PaaS offering

The technology used to distribute service requests to resources is ....

What is not true about black box testing

Which of following is not responsibility of business analysts

Which of following best describes goal of Dev ops

What is not true about deployment diagrams

What is used for measurement of size of a user story in agile project

Which statement best describes goal of change management in devops environment

In web driver Which of following is valid select statement that select drop down .

Which of following is a structured data store that supporting indexing n data queries to both EC2 N S3

Another name for glass box testing is

Select right code for creating object n calling function

Select correct definition of delegates in dotnet
The character pair ? : is .... operator in c#

Which of below code statement is used to raise exception in c#

Select right code for storing connection string in web.config or app.config file

Which of following is true about tempdata in mvc

Select correct code for getting list of employees from specific city from entity framework using lambda expression

Which is mandatory html helper function in layout

Which of below object used by SQL Connection to give security commands

How to explicitly kill a user's session

What is false about an array

Which of following is correct attributes used in MVC security with actions

Select the control that does not have any visible interface

Select wrong statement about rest services

Select incorrect statement about read only variable

Which of following is not a namespace in .net framework class library

Which of following is not a member of ADODB command object in connected mode

To apply an attribute to an assembly correct way of implementation is....

How do you manage session state in asp.net pages

What should be used to send some additional data from action to view

Which is right code for deploying an assembly to GAC